Q- Node vs Express?
We can also created server with the help of nodejs using http modules which is a built in module in the node but still we use the express because it's easy to use and implement.

but at the end of the day the express uses node http mundlers for creation of server.


Q- What is express?
Ans- Express provide a set of functionalties and tools  for creating web application. its a package which is available on the npm.
Some key feature are given below:
1.Routing
2.MiddleWare
3. Static file server


Q- Why express js?
Ans- Http is not easy to use so that why we use express.

Q- What is Routing?
Ans - Routing in web development is the process of directing incoming requests to specific code or resources based on the URL or other request information. It helps determine how a web application should respond to different URLs, HTTP methods, and parameters, ensuring that the right functionality is executed for each request.


Q- What is MiddleWare?
Ans- Middleware functions are functions that have access to the request object ( req ), the response object ( res ), and the next function in the application's request-response cycle. The next function is a function in the Express router which, when invoked, executes the middleware succeeding the current middleware.


--> How the express work ?
When the server is start we will make a request to the localhost:PORTNUMBER and our server will respond back a answer for our request.

req -> contain the data of the person who request to any server.
res -> has the data of the response to the request of the user.


when ever you send a request  to a server and your request look like this

request/route:variable 

then you can acess the variable and show to the user by doing this:: 

req.param.varibale


Q- What is templates engines?
Ans- A template engine enables you to use static template files in your application. At runtime, the template engine replaces variables in a template file with actual values, and transforms the template into an HTML file sent to the client. This approach makes it easier to design an HTML page. 


--> How to setup ejs in your code:

1. Install ejs
:::: npm i ejs

2.configure ejs
:::: app.set("view engine","ejs")

3.make a views folder

4. create ejs files in it 

5. replace send with render


During render make sure that you put only that file which is present in the views folder and dont put the file extension in it.


